push/manifest-push: add support for `--force-compression` to prevent reusing other blobs (#19640)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/force-compression.md

####> This option file is used in:
####>   podman manifest push, push
####> If file is edited, make sure the changes
####> are applicable to all of those.
#### **--force-compression**

> If set uses the specified compression algorithm even if the destination contains a differently-compressed variant already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set, push uses the specified compression algorithm even if the destination contains a differently-compressed variant already.
```

####> This option file is used in:
####>   podman manifest push, push
####> If file is edited, make sure the changes
####> are applicable to all of those.
#### **--force-compression**

> If set uses the specified compression algorithm even if the destination contains a differently-compressed variant already, use this in order
> to make sure that podman does not reuses the blobs of differently-compressed variant present on the remote registry.
> 
> Note: This is by default set to `true` if `push` is being performed with `--compression-format` in order to make sure that
> podman does not reuses the blobs of differently-compressed variant present on remote registry, manually set this to `false`
> in order to opt-out of this behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set uses the specified compression algorithm even if the destination contains a differently-compressed variant already.
Use this in order to make sure that podman does not reuse the blobs of a differently-compressed variant present on the remote registry.

Note: This is by default set to `true` if `push` is being performed with `--compression-format`. Manually set it to `false` in order to opt-out of this behavior.
```
